review this current issues in the wesite and handle them like a professional.

our jounal trades do not reflect the deriv trade profit and loss, can you ensure that our website only or will update with the trade data from deriv since i have noticed our website is not aware of the deriv ticks and tends to even update a trade profit and loss even before the trade is closed and still active in deriv. come with an intellident way on how to resolve that issue to ensure uniformity on both deriv and our website trades profit and loss recorded in journal.
when trading over and under market the agent is choosing to always trade the risky digits like example over 7 and over 8 and under 2 and uder 1 which results in many losses before we recover. i want when trading in under and over markets, the agents look for the less risky markets like over 1,2 and 3 digits or under 8, 7 or 6 digits and when we lose it can then start to look for an accurate recovery in over 4, 5 or 6 digits or under 5,4 or 3 digits and when we have fully recovered the loss we return to the less risky digits.
noticed tha all our trades are taken using 7 ticks, is that by accident or is it calculated since the ai and agent engine should always calculate the ticks favourable for that specific trade and adust it, look at that and fix if we have an error or bug.
in these two markets, volatility 50 index and volatility 25 index, the digit analysis is wrong and shows the wrong last didgits and that means all the digit analysis is wrong. the actual line chart is correct and the ticks shown above the line chart only the analysis tool that is fetching wrong digits for analysis, fix that since all other market are working fine.
Noticed that our agent will open more than one trade even without waiting for the previous trade to be close to see if we won or lost and if we lost it now starts to look for recovery trade. Only one trade at a time and when closed the agent will have analyses or analyse the next market to take our next trade. we will have to wait for the trade to be closed in deriv based on the number of ticks set for that trade and updates done in the journals if we lost or won based on deriv actual profit and loss for the next trade to be opened by the agents.